Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to talk about how we can build our own playwright MCP server using
fast MCP that we have been talking about from our last section of this course.
So you can see that this is the Playwright Model Contest protocol server that I have built and is also
available in GitHub.
And you can see that there are totally 4500 stars and people are really contributing it, and it's pretty
good.
It's pretty amazing that how everything is spanning out and people are really using, which is amazing.
But this MCP server actually is written using Node.js.
Like how I told you in our last section of this course.
So just go to the source over here.
You can see that it has got a lot of different toolings over here.
It supports API.
It also supports browser automation.
It supports code generations.
It also has got some common utilities and things right.
So these are things that we have over here.
It also has got some tests for every single tool just fine.
And then we also have got evals and things right.
So these are the things that you have to do while you build an application, which is going to be used
by a wider community.
But don't you worry about all of these, at least in this particular section, we're going to see how
we can build a very lightweight MCP server, and then we can get rid of these kind of MCP servers,
because this way you can create your own MCP server and start using it.
You may ask Karthik, this MCP server is fine and we can build our own MCP server.
What?
But what difference does it make?
Make sense?
It's not going to make any much of a difference because people are already holding this kind of tool.
That's the reason why you are just going to use the existing MCP servers as much as possible.
But if you are gonna build something similar to this kind of operation, like MCP server with playwright,
maybe in selenium tomorrow, today or tomorrow and then Cypress or WebDriver, IO and all these toolings
that you can keep on building yourself.
That way you will get a hands on ability of how you can build your own systems for testing as well as
for development purpose.
This is something which the test engineers all the time.
We use it because we know that playwright is not the most popular tools which people really use it,
and playwright by itself has got their own MCP servers, which is written by Microsoft.
It is very, very popular because it is built by Microsoft and playwright itself is built by Microsoft,
and now it is fused along with the GitHub coding agents automatically.
And you can use this MCP server to do a lot of different operation.
They also have got this and it is also built using node version, like how I have built in my playwright
MCP server as well.
As that said, we are going to see how we can build all of these in this particular section from complete
ground up using fast MCP and you will understand and realize how amazing they are.